[JENKINS-66177] JavaVersionRecommendationAdminMonitor.disable (#4469)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/managing/system-properties.adoc

  since: 2.196
  description: |
    `true` to disable GZIP compression of artifacts when they're transferred from agent nodes to controller.  Uses less CPU at the cost of increased network traffic.
- name: jenkins.monitor.JavaVersionRecommendationAdminMonitor.disable
  tags:

>   - monitor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Doesn't really make sense to add a unique tag for one entry in this list. See the list on top of this document for a complete list of "supported" tags.

  - feature
  def: |
    `false`

>   since: TBD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  since: TODO
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  since: 2.305
```

  description: |

>     `true` to disable Java 11 upgrade suggest monitor.

Reviewer 3: Possibly an alternate phrasing to consider?
```suggestion
    `true` to disable the monitor that recommends Java 11.
```
